Refactor the Watchdog monitor page (#19312)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/types/watchdog.md

An APM alert is created when Watchdog detects anomalous behavior on your system's services or their child resources.

{{< img src="/monitors/monitor_types/watchdog/watchdog-monitor-apm.png" alt="Configuring a Watchdog Monitor on APM" style="width:55%;">}}

### Select sources {#select-sources-1}

Select the scope to be alerted on by configuring:

> * The type of Watchdog anomaly: Error Rates, Latency, Hits, or any of them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The type of Watchdog anomaly: Error Rates, Latency, Hits, or any APM alert
```

> * The value for APM primary tags ([instruction to configure APM primary and second primary tags][1])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The value for APM primary tags (see the [Set primary tags to scope][1] page for instructions to configure APM primary and second primary tags)
```

> * The [APM service][2] (choose `Any services` to monitor them all)
> * The [APM resource][3] (choose `*` to monitor them all)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [APM service][2] (choose `Any services` to monitor all services)
* The [APM resource][3] of a service (choose `*` to monitor all resources of a service)
```

* The dimensions you want to [group notifications by][4]

> After your selections are made, the graph at the top of the monitor creation page displays the matching Watchdog events over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your selections are made, the graph at the top of the monitor creation page displays the matching Watchdog events over the selected time frame.
```

[1]: /tracing/guide/setting_primary_tags_to_scope/#environment
[2]: /tracing/services/service_page/
[3]: /tracing/services/resource_page/
[4]: /monitors/configuration/?tab=thresholdalert#alert-grouping
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Infrastructure" %}}

{{< img src="/monitors/monitor_types/watchdog/watchdog-monitor-infra.png" alt="Configuring a Watchdog Monitor on Infrastructure" style="width:55%;">}}

### Select sources {#select-sources-2}

Select the scope to be alerted on by configuring:

> * The Infrastructure integration to cover (select `Any Infrastructure alert` to cover them all): [full list of covered integrations by Watchdog infrastructure][1])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Infrastructure integration to cover (select `Any Infrastructure alert` to cover them all). See the [Watchdog overview][1] for a full list of integrations covered by Watchdog infrastructure)
```

> * The Tags available for the selected integration

Reviewer: I'm not sure which part of the UI this is referencing, could you please clarify? In the demo account, I can see only the options to select the integration and configure the dimensions to group notifications by.

* The dimensions you want to [group notifications by][2]

> After your selections are made, the graph at the top of the monitor creation page displays the matching Watchdog events over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your selections are made, the graph at the top of the monitor creation page displays the matching Watchdog events over the selected time frame.
```

### Select sources {#select-sources-3}

Select the scope to be alerted on by configuring:

> * The environment (leave it empty to alert on all environments): coming from the `env` tag in your logs
> * The service (leave it empty to alert on all services): coming from the `service` [reserved attribute][2] in your logs
> * The log source (leave it empty to alert on all sources): coming from the `source` [reserved attribute][2] in your logs
> * The log status (leave it empty to alert on all status): coming from the `status` [reserved attribute][2] in your logs
> * The log anomaly type (`new Error` or `Spike in existing logs`): indicates whether the anomaly describes a new pattern of error logs or an increase in an existing pattern of error logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The environment (leave empty to alert on all environments). These values are derived from the `env` tag in your logs
* The service (leave empty to alert on all services). These values are derived from the `service` [reserved attribute][2] in your logs
* The log source (leave empty to alert on all sources). These values are derived from the `source` [reserved attribute][2] in your logs
* The log status (leave empty to alert on all status). These values are derived from the `status` [reserved attribute][2] in your logs
* The log anomaly type (`new Error` or `Spike in existing logs`) determines whether the anomaly looks for a new pattern of error logs or an increase in an existing pattern of error logs
```

* The dimensions you want to [group notifications by][1]

> After your selections are made, the graph at the top of the monitor creation page displays the matching Watchdog events over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your selections are made, the graph at the top of the monitor creation page displays the matching Watchdog events over the selected time frame.
```
